Update README (#64418)
wolfi-dev/os: README.md

## If Wolfi is missing a package you require

> Wolfi is the core foundation of Chainguard OS and Chainguard's Starter container images.

Reviewer: Chainguard's Starter container images

is that really a product / feature name and hence you capitalize "Starter" .. I think this is bad and we should say something liek

the free starter images available from the Chainguard Containers catalog.

> Wolfi is the core foundation of Chainguard OS and available as an open source project for use with minimal packages as used in our free Chainguard Containers.

Reviewer 2: Two thoughts:

1) We should refer refer to free images as "Starter containers"  to keep consistent with other docs - e.g. https://edu.chainguard.dev/chainguard/chainguard-images/overview/
2) I had trouble parsing this sentence initially - could we simplify it to something like "Wolfi is the core foundation of Chainguard OS and Chainguard's Starter container images."

> Wolfi is not intended to be a general purpose operating system, and we are not accepting new package requests at this time. If you're a Chainguard container images customer, reach out to your account team or submit a support ticket so we can prioritize your needs appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wolfi is not intended to be a general purpose operating system, and we are not accepting new package requests. If you're a Chainguard Containers customer, reach out to your account team or submit a support ticket so we can prioritize your needs appropriately.
```

use product name and dont hedge..

> Wolfi is not intended to be a general purpose operating system, and we are not accepting new package requests at this time. If you're a Chainguard Containers customer, reach out to your account team or submit a support ticket in console so we can prioritize your needs appropriately.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above re: Starter Images.
